[CARBONDATA-4107] Added related MV tables Map to fact table and added lock while touchMDTFile (#4076)
apache/carbondata: docs/mv-guide.md

> 

Reviewer: remove this empty line change

 | Refresh Mode          | FULL / INCREMENTAL refresh to MV                          |
 | Refresh Trigger Mode  | ON_COMMIT / ON_MANUAL refresh to MV provided by user |
 | Properties              | Table properties of the materialized view                       |

**NOTE**: For materialized views created
before [CARBONDATA-4107](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CARBONDATA-4107) issue fix, run

> refresh mv command to add mv name to fact table property and to enable it.

Reviewer: also please add what happens if user doesn't use refresh

 | Refresh Mode          | FULL / INCREMENTAL refresh to MV                          |
 | Refresh Trigger Mode  | ON_COMMIT / ON_MANUAL refresh to MV provided by user |
 | Properties              | Table properties of the materialized view                       |

**NOTE**: For materialized views created
before [CARBONDATA-4107](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CARBONDATA-4107) issue fix, run

> refresh mv command to add mv name to fact table property and to enable it. If refresh command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refresh mv command to add mv name to fact table's table properties and to enable it. If refresh command 
```
